README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

✨ feat(chat): implement real-time chat system
- Add a real-time chat system with Server-Sent Events (SSE) for messaging
- Organize messages into categories similar to Discord
- Include notifications for users with favorite servers or collection subscriptions
- Implement lazy loading of messages with pagination

📝 docs(chat): add documentation for chat system setup

- Provide setup instructions and overview of chat system features
- Include API endpoints, database schema, and component structure details
- Outline potential future enhancements for the chat system

📦 build(db): create migration for chat tables

- Define SQL schema for chat categories and messages
- Add indexes for optimized querying of chat messages and categories

🔧 chore(scripts): add scripts for seeding chat data

- Include scripts to seed default chat categories and sample messages
- Provide setup script to run database migrations and seed data

♻️ refactor(db): update database connection and schema handling

- Refactor database connection setup to use a connection pool
- Integrate Drizzle ORM schema for type-safe database operations

✅ test(notifications): implement notification context and components

- Add notification context for managing user notifications
- Include badge and list components for displaying notifications
- Provide actions for marking notifications as read or deleting them

💄 style(ui): improve chat UI with dynamic icons and layout

- Integrate dynamic Lucide icons for chat categories
- Enhance chat panel and notification components for better user experience

✨ feat(notifications): implement notification system for chat messages

- Send notifications to users favoriting servers or subscribing to collections
- Provide API endpoints for managing user notifications and marking them as read

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Chat System

The application includes a real-time chat system for servers, organized into categories similar to Discord.

### Features
- Real-time messaging using Server-Sent Events (SSE)
- Category-based organization of messages
- Notifications for users with favorite servers or collection subscriptions
- Lazy loading of messages with pagination

### Setup

To set up the chat system, run the setup script:

```bash
node scripts/setup-chat.js
```

This will create the necessary categories and seed sample messages.

For more information, see the [chat system documentation](docs/chat-system.md).

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
